"_mite_":http://mite.yo.lk/en is a sleek time tracking tool for teams and freelancers.

<code>Mantis2mite</code> connects your Mantis account with your _mite_.account. Track your time easily on issues within Mantis and get them automatically send to _mite_.

Projects from Mantis can be bundled with _mite_.projects. Furthermore, you can specify which _mite_.services should be available in Mantis on a per-project basis.

h2. Requirements

* "Mantis BT":http://www.mantisbt.org/ >= 1.2.0
* PHP 5 >= 5.1.0
* a _mite_.account (you can easily signup for a "free 30 days trial account":https://signup.mite.yo.lk/signup/en )

h2. Important note for the plugin versions

Please use version 1.2 of the plugin for Mantis BT 1.2.0 RC1.

For higher versions of Mantis BT you have to use the plugin version from 1.2.1.


h2. Installation

# Move the <code>Mantis2mite</code> directory into the <code>plugins</code> directory of your Mantis installation
# Login as a user with admin privileges
# Go to <code>Manage > Manage Plugins</code>
# Click in the box _Available Plugins_ on the link _Install_ for the listed plugin 'Mantis2_mite_ 1.0'

h2. Setup

h3. General Plugin options

*Note:* To access this area, you must have admin privileges.

You can define the minimum access level for users to see time entries of other users.
Go to <code>Manage > Manage Plugins</code> and go to the plugin page by clicking on _mite_ 1.0.
Select the access level and click and update.

h3. Plugin options for your account

Go to <code>My Account > mite</code> and try to connect to your _mite_.account.

On successful connection you can start now to track time for every bug in Mantis you have access to.

In order to provide fast access to specific _mite_.services and _mite_.projects on a bug in a specific Mantis project, you can easily interconnect those values. Just follow the instructions provided.

Precondition is of course the user having Mantis projects assigned to him.

h2. Tracking time

Once the connection to your _mite_.account was verified, tracking your time in Mantis is very easy. Go to a bug, click on _Add new time entry_, fill out the form, send it, done!

h2. FAQ

h3. Why are older Mantis versions not supported?

Mantis 1.2.0 is the first version with a real plugin system you can actually work with. See the "release notes":http://www.mantisbt.org/blog/?p=56 for details.

h3. Will disconnecting my _mite_.account also delete the time entries in _mite_ i tracked with the plugin in Mantis?

No. Only the data stored in Mantis will be deleted.

h2. Known issues

h3. Connecting to _mite_ and sending time entries takes forever...

This might be an issue of your server, if it uses DNS servers that are too slow when trying to resolve the mite.yo.lk domain. I will have a close look at an interesting discussion about this topic on http://stackoverflow.com/questions/735091/php-filegetcontentsurl-slow-performance.

If you wanna know for sure, try placing this code snippet somewhere on your server an execute it.

<pre>
<?php	
	$ch = curl_init('http://<your-account-name>.mite.yo.lk/projects.xml');
	curl_setopt($ch, CURLOPT_HEADER, 0);
	curl_setopt($ch, CURLOPT_HTTPHEADER,
		array('Content-Type: application/xml',
	 		  'X-MiteApiKey: <your-api-key>'));  
	$s_output = curl_exec($ch);
	curl_close($ch);
	echo $s_output;
?>	
</pre>

If you see the results very fast (~ less than 3 seconds), this was not the issue. In this case please contact me, because it is an unknown bug ;-).

h2. License

<code>Mantis2mite</code> is licensed under the terms of the MIT License, see the included MIT-LICENSE file.