<pre style='border-top: 1px solid black;border-bottom: 1px solid black;padding:0.5em 0'>
	              __                       ___                                   
	           __/\ \__                   /\_ \                    __            
	  ___ ___ /\_\ \ ,_\    __       _____\//\ \    __  __     __ /\_\    ___    
	/' __` __`\/\ \ \ \/  /'__`\    /\ '__`\\ \ \  /\ \/\ \  /'_ `\/\ \ /' _ `\  
	/\ \/\ \/\ \ \ \ \ \_/\  __/  __\ \ \L\ \\_\ \_\ \ \_\ \/\ \L\ \ \ \/\ \/\ \ 
	\ \_\ \_\ \_\ \_\ \__\ \____\/\_\\ \ ,__//\____\\ \____/\ \____ \ \_\ \_\ \_\
	 \/_/\/_/\/_/\/_/\/__/\/____/\/_/ \ \ \/ \/____/ \/___/  \/___L\ \/_/\/_/\/_/
	                                   \ \_\                   /\____/           
	                                    \/_/                   \_/__/

...for Mantis BT. Last modified: 2009-08-28
...developed by Thomas Klein <thomas.klein83@gmail.com>
</pre>

"_mite_":http://mite.yo.lk is a sleek time tracking tool for teams and freelancers.

Stay in touch with your time! The _mite_.plugin for Mantis connects your Mantis account 
with your _mite_.account - letting you easily track your time for bugs within Mantis 
and send it automatically to _mite_.

h2. Requirements

* "Mantis BT":http://www.mantisbt.org/ >= 1.2.0
* PHP 5 >= 5.1.0
* a _mite_.account (you can easily signup for a "free 30 days trial account":https://signup.mite.yo.lk/signup/en )

h2. Installation

# Move the 'mite' directory into the <code>plugins</code> directory of your Mantis installation
# Login as a user with admin privileges
# Go to <code>Manage > Manage Plugins</code>
# Click in the box _Available Plugins_ on the link _Install_ for the listed plugin '_mite_ 1.0'

h2. Setup

h3. General Plugin options

*Note:* To access this area, you must have admin privileges.

You can define the minimum access level for users to see time entries of other users.
Go to <code>Manage > Manage Plugins</code> and go to the plugin page by clicking on _mite_ 1.0.
Select the access level and click and update.

h3. Plugin options for your account

Go to <code>My Account > mite</code> and try to connect to your _mite_.account.

On successful connection you can start now to track time for every bug in Mantis you have access to.

In order to provide fast access to specific _mite_.services and _mite_.projects on a bug in a specific Mantis project, you can easily interconnect those values. Just follow the instructions provided.

Precondition is of course the user having Mantis projects assigned to him.

h2. Tracking time

After the connection to your _mite_.account was verified, tracking your time in Mantis is now very easy. Go to a bug, click on _Add new time entry_, fill out the form, send it, already done!

h2. FAQ

h3. Why are older Mantis versions not supported?

Mantis 1.2.0 is the first version with a real plugin system you can actually work with. See the "release notes":http://www.mantisbt.org/blog/?p=56 for details.

h3. Will disconnecting my _mite_.account also delete the time entries in _mite_ i tracked with the plugin in Mantis?

No. Only the data stored in Mantis will be deleted.